this is the right bluetooth
keyboard for your samsung tvs why
a keyboard of course you are surfing
So you also want to be on the internet
make a few entries
you may want to join facebook
something the tv offers you
yes this internet functionality and with
the keyboard is the easier to
whole to use
It comes with batteries
already supplied means that I put it
now just a back one time
behind the compartment open batteries
insert
I can easily do the keyboard
on the buttons back here and
that's why I'm writing to you
now once
i can press reset and here i can
I still decide how to use the touchpad
wants to use
But look into the keyboard first
we have one on the right side
a touch remote for your
TV
You can turn the device up and down here
turn off you have the chance button
volume program choice then you have
here a field a touch meets the know
For example, from her notebook
and below that are still the
return button of tv guide in colorful
highlighted
the smart hub is all that
has to do with internet entertainment
of course still has the keys here for
the status and of course for the
TV recommendations
this is a full-fledged remote control
of course plus the keyboards blog you
see a complete
qwerty keyboard I can because easy
I can do the whole thing
just for example, to put on the lap
and can then stop my inputs on
make tv as that works
I'll show them on the
top of the remote control raising the
keyboard of my bluetooth remote
I have the choice if I the per
connect bluetooth to the tv
would like or for one or two
more devices meat your tablet pc
Just give it a try
Now press on TV so the
keyboard now automatically builds one
Connection to TV on registered
there I look at the whole thing too
again in the menu bar to the
go to the television go to the menu
then look to the menu item system
right in my device manager and
can there keyboard settings
always click on it
and behold the samsung wireless
keyboard that's the keyword i do
it is already in the hand
then recognized so then I can go
menu again the bluetooth keyboard
Add
which is running now she is connected and
I can do the little mincing
not anymore I can now too
everything about the keyboard
I'll press down here on the bottom
Return button to the menu easy to
I leave step by step
out there then I move now
my finger on the touchpad and
lo and behold on my tv
a kind of mouse pointer like mine
notebook but when watching TV I can
of course not that much
I can choose here now
volume also change easily
ok click on it again make it quiet there
no topic i can do the smart hub
start because I press on the colored
symbols
there is also now I'll take again
my finger on the touchpad and
can now for example I say
I would like to click to my apps
just click on it and with
The samsung tv I can on the internet
surfing I can now make inputs
when it comes to e-mails or passwords
but we should now be on the internet
That's why I drive with the mouse pointer
now here on my app web browser
confirm briefly
then that's how it starts I am now
right here at msn but I want to yes
still the samsung homepage
That's why I'm going with the mouse pointer
just click on the input field up here
confirm briefly
and now just my keyboard on
say my lap www.sage.de enter the
with a notebook and the tv
automatically connects to the
Internet
rest the samsung site on the
bluetooth keyboard, I think a great
Addition it is so easy to use
Of course you will also find keys here
like tools you get from your fans
inside we know that then
we have faded up and down
Features It is a full fledged
keyboard a full touch
remote control if i am on one now
website then I can as at
my notebook just with the mouse
Surfing here says I want to
like from samsung because the products
and for example the times
TV so easy with the
briefly confirm finger
and already the page is loading me
find this bluetooth keyboard is the
Perfect addition to my Samsung TV
i have the remote i have the
input options and if I have them
no longer need
because I can just behind with the
off switch just turn it off
This bluetooth keyboard is just that
best to belong